README.md, before:

# SOEN343 Team 5 Concordia University Fall 2018
Team 5's term project for SOEN 343 at Concordia University - Fall 2018

### Project Information
- Course: SOEN 343-H  
- Course Name: Software Architecture and Design I   
- Website: [soen343t5.herokuapp.com](https://soen343t5.herokuapp.com)  
- Framework: [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) | [Express.js](https://expressjs.com)
- Database: [MySQL] (https://www.mysql.com/)
- Front-end Framework: [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com)
- Templating Engine: [EJS](http://www.ejs.co)
- Hosting: [Heroku](https://dashboard.heroku.com/apps/soen343t5)  
- CI: [Circle CI](https://circleci.com/gh/AznBoy00/soen343team5)  
- [![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/AznBoy00/soen343team5/tree/master.svg?style=svg&circle-token=8b92e6b3f8f6994e99d8be7c73902e9a46cada38)](https://circleci.com/gh/AznBoy00/soen343team5/tree/master)

### Getting Started
Check out the [wiki](https://github.com/AznBoy00/soen343team5/wiki/Getting-Started) for information on how to get the project up and running.  

Visit the [website](https://soen343t5.herokuapp.com) to see the project.  

### Team Information:

- Abdulla Alhaj Zin  
  [@abdullahzen](https://github.com/abdullahzen)  
  abdullah.hzen@gmail.com  
  40013496  
  
- Dave Bhardwaj  
  [@WolfOfTheNorth](https://github.com/WolfOfTheNorth)  
  davebhardwaj1@gmail.com  
  40000679  
  
- Giovanni Gebran  
  [@ggebran](https://github.com/ggebran)  
  ggebran95@gmail.com  
  40018637  
  
- Kayne Herrmann  
  [@kkhh001](https://github.com/kkhh001)  
  kh_group@outlook.com  
  40007153  
  
- Kenza Boulisfane  
  [@bkenza](https://github.com/bkenza)   
  kenza.boulisfane@gmail.com  
  40043521  
  
- Kevin Camellini  
  [@kcamcam](https://github.com/kcamcam)  
  kevincamellini@gmail.com  
  26771009  
  
- Kevin Lin  
  [@AznBoy00](https://github.com/AznBoy00)  
  Lin_Kevin_1995@hotmail.com  
  40002383  
  
- Kevin Yau  
  [@Kycoding](https://github.com/Kycoding)  
  kevin.yau@outlook.com  
  27058276 
  
- Nizar Belhassan  
  [@Legendary-Griffin](https://github.com/Legendary-Griffin)  
  M.nizar.belhassan@gmail.com  
  27519443  
  
- Nour El Natour  
  [@nourelnatour](https://github.com/nourelnatour)  
  nour_elnatour@hotmail.com  
  40013102

Commit message:

added getting started instructions to readme

README.md, after:

# SOEN343 Team 5 Concordia University Fall 2018
Team 5's term project for SOEN 343 at Concordia University - Fall 2018

### Project Information
- Course: SOEN 343-H  
- Course Name: Software Architecture and Design I   
- Website: [soen343t5.herokuapp.com](https://soen343t5.herokuapp.com)  
- Framework: [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) | [Express.js](https://expressjs.com)
- Database: [MySQL] (https://www.mysql.com/)
- Front-end Framework: [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com)
- Templating Engine: [EJS](http://www.ejs.co)
- Hosting: [Heroku](https://dashboard.heroku.com/apps/soen343t5)  
- CI: [Circle CI](https://circleci.com/gh/AznBoy00/soen343team5)  
- [![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/AznBoy00/soen343team5/tree/master.svg?style=svg&circle-token=8b92e6b3f8f6994e99d8be7c73902e9a46cada38)](https://circleci.com/gh/AznBoy00/soen343team5/tree/master)

### Getting Started

1. Clone the [repo](https://github.com/AznBoy00/soen343team5.git)
1. `$ cd into/project/directory`
1. `$ npm install`
1. `$ npm start`
1. visit [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser  

or

1. Visit [soen343t5.herokuapp.com](https://soen343t5.herokuapp.com) to view the live production website.  

Check out the [wiki](https://github.com/AznBoy00/soen343team5/wiki/Getting-Started) for more information on getting started.  


### Team Information:

- Abdulla Alhaj Zin  
  [@abdullahzen](https://github.com/abdullahzen)  
  abdullah.hzen@gmail.com  
  40013496  
  
- Dave Bhardwaj  
  [@WolfOfTheNorth](https://github.com/WolfOfTheNorth)  
  davebhardwaj1@gmail.com  
  40000679  
  
- Giovanni Gebran  
  [@ggebran](https://github.com/ggebran)  
  ggebran95@gmail.com  
  40018637  
  
- Kayne Herrmann  
  [@kkhh001](https://github.com/kkhh001)  
  kh_group@outlook.com  
  40007153  
  
- Kenza Boulisfane  
  [@bkenza](https://github.com/bkenza)   
  kenza.boulisfane@gmail.com  
  40043521  
  
- Kevin Camellini  
  [@kcamcam](https://github.com/kcamcam)  
  kevincamellini@gmail.com  
  26771009  
  
- Kevin Lin  
  [@AznBoy00](https://github.com/AznBoy00)  
  Lin_Kevin_1995@hotmail.com  
  40002383  
  
- Kevin Yau  
  [@Kycoding](https://github.com/Kycoding)  
  kevin.yau@outlook.com  
  27058276 
  
- Nizar Belhassan  
  [@Legendary-Griffin](https://github.com/Legendary-Griffin)  
  M.nizar.belhassan@gmail.com  
  27519443  
  
- Nour El Natour  
  [@nourelnatour](https://github.com/nourelnatour)  
  nour_elnatour@hotmail.com  
  40013102
